Welcome to the “Love Never Fails”!
convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses!
We are so happy
that you were able to arrange your affairs
to attend all three days of this convention.
We are sure that it will help you to get
to know our loving heavenly Father better,
draw closer to him,
and fortify you for the tests and challenges
that we’ll face in the coming days.
Why were the words
at 1 Corinthians 13:8 chosen
as the theme for this year’s convention?
Because there is no other quality
that’s more important to Jehovah than love.
Jehovah is both the personification
and the very Source of love.
It’s his dominant quality.
Everything he does is motivated by love.
We cannot properly think of Jehovah
without thinking of love.
The apostle John was inspired
to say that “God is love.”
When John wrote that,
he used the same Greek word for love
that the apostle Paul used
at 1 Corinthians 13:8—a·gaʹpe.
True, the Scriptures
use forms of the Greek word phi·liʹa
when encouraging Christians
to have affection for one another.
Jesus even used a form of this word
when saying
that “the Father has affection for the Son
and shows him
all the things he himself does.”
But more frequently,
the Bible uses the word a·gaʹpe
to indicate the love
Jehovah God
and Jesus Christ have for each other.
As used in the Scriptures,
a·gaʹpe involves more
than an emotional response to another person.
This word often conveys
the meaning of love guided by principles,
and it includes devotion to righteousness
and sincere concern
for the lasting welfare of others.
Why, a·gaʹpe
can even be shown to total strangers
or even enemies!
To love people who don’t love us back,
to love people we don’t even like,
or to love
those who persecute us is a victory,
an achievement, a conquest
over all
our natural inclinations and emotions.
It requires moral sense,
an awareness of duty,
principle, and propriety.
True Christians
are thus trained to show love on purpose,
to love at will.
Such love is the crowning quality
of our Christian personality.
Such unselfish love
is what moved Jehovah to create,
and it’s what moved him
to send his Son to die for our sins.
Why does the Governing Body
want all of us “to comprehend fully
“what is the breadth
and length and height and depth,
and to know the love of the Christ”?
This comprehension
and experience will help us
not only to get a fuller appreciation
for the love Jehovah and Jesus have for us
but it will also equip us
to show love in more ways
and to a greater degree than ever before.
Such love will identify us
as the true disciples of Jesus,
allowing us to serve
as beacons of light in this dark world.
And it will unite us with an unbreakable bond
during what will be
one of the darkest times in human history
when the coalition of nations
called Gog of Magog
will attempt to annihilate God’s people.
How do we know
that a·gaʹpe can do all of that?
Because at Colossians 3:14,
we are assured that a·gaʹpe
“is a perfect bond of union.”
That perfect bond
is so strong that we consider ourselves
“under obligation to surrender
our lives for our brothers” if need be.
Clearly, cultivating Christian love
is a matter of life and death.
So please pay rapt attention
to the talks and videos.
Look up the scriptures
and read them along with the speakers,
thus allowing God’s Word
to exert its powerful force on your heart.
And may this convention
become a milestone in your development
as a humble imitator
of your incomparable and Grand Creator!
We love you very much.
And the same desire that the apostle Paul
expressed to the congregation
in Thessalonica,
which we find at 1 Thessalonians 3:12,
is also our heartfelt wish for you:
“May the Lord cause you to increase, yes,
“to abound in love
for one another and for all,
just as we do for you.”